[Music]
what's what's the matter Rachel and I
had a really big fight can I come in I
mean I know we're not supposed to see
each other anymore and I'm okay with
that I don't know anybody in this city
and I really need somebody to talk to
about it
of course what happened okay but you
know what might really cheer me up what
seeing some more of your supercool
slides Wow totally I love them and maybe
you could finish telling me about all
the different kinds of sand I'd love to
yeah you wait right here I'll go get the
projector and my notes you guys seen
Jill I can't find her anywhere no well
it's wrong slides are almost ready
yeah oh I know what this is missing
alcohol okay well there's wine in the
kitchen okay hello what is my sister
doing there and why are the drapes shut
okay rich come come down okay she's
she's really upset we're just talking I
think she's trying to make something
happen with you to get back at me oh so
that's the only reason she could be here
huh
it couldn't have anything to do with the
fact that maybe I'm a good listener and
I put on a great slideshow Ross I am
Telling You she is using you to get back
at me you know I think I can take care
of myself I'll talk to you later goodbye
that that was your sister actually she
she thinks you're just using me
you are you may have been right about
Jill I knew it what happened um she
kissed me
what you kissed maybe we should give
them some privacy look I uh I tried not
to kiss her oh it doesn't sound like it
I mean it's pretty easy not to kiss
someone you just don't kiss them see
look at us right now not kissing okay
she started kissing me and and I didn't
stop it I guess I just wasn't thinking
yeah that's right you weren't thinking
you know I wanted to give you something
to think about but then I started
thinking and I stopped the kissing oh
well thank you for taking your tongue
out of my sister's mouth long enough to
tell me that look I realize that if
anything would have happened with me and
Jill then nothing could ever happen with
us what no I mean look I don't know if
anything is ever going to happen with us
again ever but I don't want to know that
it never could so I stopped it and she
got mad and broke my projector
Wow I I don't even know what to say
thank you you're welcome
my fine are you crying I just don't see
why those two can't work things out
I'm leaving
cuz I'm not gonna spend one more day
with someone who's out to sabotage my
head removed that's you Rachel yeah I
got that you I throw myself at you and
you say no how gay are you
you take care gel
I can't believe Jill's gone I can't help
it I opened the gate